Time series expectations (#7182)
great-expectations/great_expectations: contrib/time_series_expectations/docs/README.md

```
time_series_expectation_suite = context.assistants.time_series_by_batch.profile_data_asset(
    context.sources.my_db.assets.my_table,
    columns=["foo", "bar", "baz"],
    metrics=["mean", "median", "sum", "percent_null"]
)

time_series_expectation_suite = context.assistants.time_series_by_batch.profile_data_asset(
    context.sources.my_db.assets.my_table,
    columns=["foo", "bar", "baz"],
    metric="percent_matching_regex",
    kwargs={
        "regex": "\d+",
    }
)
```

* RowLevelTimeSeries: "I have numeric time series data in a table, file, etc. I want to learn what patterns are normal in that data, and then monitor it for anomalies"

time_series_expectation_suite = context.assistants.time_series_by_row.profile_data_asset(
    context.sources.my_db.assets.my_table,
    date_column="created_at",
    columns=["foo", "bar", "baz"],
    metrics=["mean", "median", "sum", "percent_null"]
)

### New Expectations

This module introduces several new Expectations, inheriting from some new abstract base classes.

> You can learn more about the Expectations in the Expectation gallery, [here](link).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn more about the Expectations in the Expectation gallery, [here](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations).
```

```
time_series_expectation_suite = context.assistants.time_series_by_batch.profile_data_asset(
    context.sources.my_db.assets.my_table,
    columns=["foo", "bar", "baz"],
    metrics=["mean", "median", "sum", "percent_null"]
)

time_series_expectation_suite = context.assistants.time_series_by_batch.profile_data_asset(
    context.sources.my_db.assets.my_table,
    columns=["foo", "bar", "baz"],
    metric="percent_matching_regex",
    kwargs={
        "regex": "\d+",
    }
)
```

* RowLevelTimeSeries: "I have numeric time series data in a table, file, etc. I want to learn what patterns are normal in that data, and then monitor it for anomalies"

time_series_expectation_suite = context.assistants.time_series_by_row.profile_data_asset(
    context.sources.my_db.assets.my_table,
    date_column="created_at",
    columns=["foo", "bar", "baz"],
    metrics=["mean", "median", "sum", "percent_null"]
)

### New Expectations

This module introduces several new Expectations, inheriting from some new abstract base classes.

You can learn more about the Expectations in the Expectation gallery, [here](link).

### Abstract Base Classes

> The most important ABCs are [BatchAggregateStatisticTimeSeriesExpectation](link), [ColumnAggregateTimeSeriesExpectation](link), and  [ColumnPairTimeSeriesExpectation](link). They allow time series models to be applied to data in a variety of shapes and formats. Please see the class docstrings for more detailed explanation.

Reviewer: I love the code reuse and the class hierarchy here! This really makes the expectations simpler to build. I wonder though if AbstractBaseClass is the right name - it looks like the classes marked ABC are expectations that can be validated against, is that the case? If so maybe we can rename to something like `Parent Class` instead of ABC.

Author: I've moved this to the main README and clarified that these are actually ABCs.

                    expect_batch_volume_to_match_prophet_timestamp_model

                ExpectBatchAggregateStatisticToMatchArimaModel (ABC)
                    expect_batch_volume_to_match_arima_model

        *ColumnExpectation* (ABC)
            ColumnAggregateTimeSeriesExpectation (ABC)
                expect_column_{property}_to_match_{model}_model

                    properties:
                        max
                        min
                        stdev
                        sum
                        percent_missingness
                        percent_matching_regex
                        ...

                    models:
                        prophet_date
                        prophet_timestamp
                        arima

        *ColumnPairMapExpectation* (ABC)
            ColumnPairTimeSeriesExpectation (ABC)
                expect_column_pair_values_to_match_prophet_date_model
                expect_column_pair_values_to_match_prophet_timestamp_model
                expect_column_pair_values_to_match_arima_model
        
Formatting conventions:

* Abstract base classes are in camel case, and marked with (ABC).

> * Concrete classes are in snake case.

Reviewer: I think this might be confusing to have class names in snake case. Could we continue with our convention of using the snake name for use with the `validator` and in `ExpectationConfiguration` and use the camel case in expectation definition?

Author: As discussed, I've moved this text from `docs/README.md` to the main `README.md`, and clarified that the snake vs camel case distinction is only within the README, not the actual code.
